[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: So getting contributors,
because you can't do it on your own,
this is your contributor pipe line.
This comes from a block post called
healthy open source fantastic
blog post by Michael Richards, or
Rogers, of the node foundation,
and they are phenomenal at
managing an open search community.
It's really amazing what they've been able
to accomplish with such a huge community.
So your pipeline goes like this,
this white space out here is everybody in
the world, and a very, very small
section of the world are your users, and
a smaller section of those
users become contributors.
Contributors are people who
like write blog posts, and they
contribute documentation, and they record
screen casts, whatever, and then some
of those people are actually committers to
the project, so they have committed code,
and then a small portion of those
people are in the technical committee,
the ones who make decisions, the ones
who have the power to do releases.
So the one thing that might be
a little counterintuitive to you, and
I'm actually jumping ahead here.
You might be thinking, okay, so
the commiters are the one who made
pull requests, and that's great.
No, commiters are the ones who
have made pull requests and
have commit access to the repository.
So it might surprise you to know that,
actually I'm not even sure how
many people, or how to find out how many
people have commit access to the repo.
But there are probably hundreds of people
who have commit access to the node repo,
and they don't have release
access necessarily, but
they can commit directly to the repo.
And that has served them very well,
because as soon as somebody lands
a nontrivial change, it's like this
isn't a documentation change, but
this is actually core stuff,
then they say, awesome.
Thank you for contributing,
you have commit access now, and
that puts the onus on that contributor,
like whoa, and they step back and
think about it for a second like, this is
a big deal, I have commit access to node.
I feel ownership over this project now,
and
that's a really great way
to build a community.
And so there are things that you can
do to protect things, obviously.
We've just automated releases by merging
in a master that automates releases.
So there are ways you can protect the
master branch so that not just anybody can
actually release anything, but by giving
these people commit access it gives
them a lot more feeling of ownership, so
I think that is a really important part.
We talked about CONTRIBUTING.md.
I need to delete that slide.
That's kind of a silly slide.
And we talked about not
doing everything yourself.
So supporting AMPAP, I made this up,
as many platforms as possible.
So even though many of us use Mac
we should support Windows also.
This is an important part of being
an open and friendly community so
that we can have contributors
from all platforms.
So that is important.
Don't commit generated files,
they're really confusing.
I'm not gonna cover this,
you can go to kcd,im/generated to
find out why we are excluding
the disk directory, but, yes,
it really hinders people
contributing to your project.
Newbies are a really,
really great pipeline into
contributing to your project.
They're really excited about life and
about developing, and so having issues
like help wanted, and good for beginners,
or first-timers-only is really valuable.
This first-timers-only thing is
something that I started like a year and
a half ago where I reserve issues for
first-timers.
So if you're not a first-timer,
I won't accept your poll request.
First-timers are those who've never
contributed to open source before.
It takes a lot of work to prepare
issues for first-timers, and so
I don't do it like all the time,
but it's really valuable and
people get really involved and
excited about your project when,
like this is the first project
I ever contributed to.
It's really exciting.
Cool, then this is all contributors.
At the bottom of the repo, of the readme,
you can see this table of people who
have contributed to the project,
and this is totally automatic,
and generated, and stuff.
Well, it's generated based off of JSON,
but there's a CLI to generate that JSON.
But by doing this,
you're putting your face on people,
people's face on your library's
documentation page, or
some prevalent place in your library.
They feel like, wow.
Okay, not only do I have commit
access to this thing now, but
I also, my face is on this.
There's some warm and fuzzy feelings
that are associated with this, and
actually, Wikipedia did a study in Germany
about retaining contributors to Wikpedia.
Wikpedia and open source have kind of an,
some interesting relationship
where we're both highly motivated
to get new contributors to stay,
we're not paying anybody to do so,
and we're doing this at a huge scale.
So how do we manage this?
So what Wikipedia did was they took,
I think they had 1,400 new contributors
every month, and this is just in Germany,
and they took, they whittled that down
to 300 people, and they had the control
group and the variable group, and
with the variable group they gave
them a special award saying,
thank you to your first ever contribution.
They put it on their profile page, it's
like this person contributed, and they
also had a special blog post where they
list out the people who contributed and
thanked them, and they found that
that group that they gave those
special rewards to were 20% more likely to
continue contributing over the next year
then the other people in the other group,
and they did this 11 times, for
11 months, and they found 20% more likely.
So I feel like this is
very much the same idea.
By giving people some
special recognition for
contributing, even non-code contributions.
So GitHub is pretty good at saying hey,
these people contributed, you can see, but
contributions are more than just code.
Not everybody is good
at contributing code.
Some people, or
as good at contributing code,
some people feel uncomfortable about that.
Some people are really good at
contributing documentation, or
answering questions on stack overflow or
in the chat, and so recognizing those
people I think is really important for
building a good community around projects.
I've actually, after having done some of
these things that I'm telling you about,
I'm been able to hand off projects
that I still cared about, but
didn't have time to maintain, and so now
I'm still benefiting from those projects,
but I don't have to maintain them.
That's pretty awesome.
I like not having to work.
Then MAINTAINING.md is a good file
that you can add to talk about.
Okay, here's how our infrastructure works.
We're using semantic relays to do this and
whatever else is important for
people who are helping you maintain the
project, and then I already talked about
giving commit access freely and
early, it's good, it's a good thing.
So here are a couple of resources,
you could find those later, and
yeah, that's pretty much
it on my talk on community.